.TH k2htpmdtor "3" "December 2016" "k2htpmdtor" "K2HASH TRANSACTION"
.SH NAME
k2htpmdtor \- Shared library for K2HASH MULTI TRANSACTION PLUGIN.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.TP
\fBlibk2htpmdtor.so.*
.SH DESCRIPTION
.TP 2
k2htpmdtor shared library is transaction plugin for k2hash library. The k2hash library has programable I/F for processing transaction data from modifying K2HASH data.
.PP
k2hash library can load only one transaction plugin library.
k2htpmdotr can transfer transaction data from k2hash library to multiple k2hash transaction plugins.
Using k2htpmdtor, you can execute multiple transaction plugin shared library at same time by each transaction.
.PP
The k2htpmdtor need to get only one parameter for working.
The basically parameter is the configration file path or json string.
This configuration has multiple transaction plugin entries.
.PP
The k2hmdtor configration must have K2HTPMDTOR, K2HTPMDTOR_TP section.
.PP
.SH CONFIGURATION
.IP K2HTPMDTOR 5
This section means global setting for k2htpmdtor.
.IP RUN_MODE 5
This key in K2HTPMDTOR section means k2htpmdtor mode, the mode is specified "ALL" or "RANDOM" or "UNTIL_SUCCESS" or "UNTIL_FAILURE".
.IP K2HTPMDTOR_TP 5
This section means transaction plugin setting for each.
This section is allowed multiple in configuration.
.IP TPPATH 5
This key in K2HTPMDTOR_TP section means transaction plugin shared library path. If this is not specified, k2htpmdtor uses libk2htpdtor.so.1(standard k2hash transaction plugin: k2htpdtor).
.IP TPCONF 5
This key in K2HTPMDTOR_TP section means the configuration for transaction plugin shared library.
.PP
You can set the parameter(configuration) by calling k2h_enable_transaction_param() or K2HShm::EnableTransaction() function at starting transaction.
If you need more information, you can see the sample codes in tests directory on GitHub.
.SH NOTES
.TP
K2HASH is NoSQL(key value store) library and tools for this library by Yahoo! JAPAN. K2HASH is following specifications.
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
k2hash(1)
.SH BUGS
.TP
Please report owner and comitter.
.SH AUTHOR
k2htpmdtor has been written by Takeshi Nakatani.
